---
obsidianUIMode: preview
---
#Transcript

And again, this is something that I'm almost certain that I've thrown out at different times. I'm pretty sure I encouraged it in the instructions when we were doing the "[[Hearing All Sounds as Mantra]]," when we were doing that [[Meditation|guided meditation]]. You think, where's your voice coming from? "It's coming from my mouth and my throat," right? But what is it to really feel - let yourself imagine it at first, but have a kinaesthetic imagination, a felt sense, of the [[Energy Body|whole energy body]] (which, again, means a little bit bigger than the [[Embodiment|physical body]]), the whole energy body emanating that sound? It's really coming from that whole space. Okay, so that's the second part of the exercise. ^19-1

**(2.3)** The third part of the exercise: can the sound that you're making, and the [[Energy Body|sense of the energy body]], feel like they're mixed together (to quote from the [[Buddha]]) "like water in milk"?^[SN 36:19 https://www.dhammatalks.org/suttas/SN/SN36_19.html] So they're not exactly the same thing, but once you mix them together, it becomes almost impossible to tell them apart. They're not going to separate like oil and water. Can you sense, get a kinaesthetic sense, and an aural sense as well, of the sound and the energy body mixed together, almost impossible to separate them apart? They almost become palpably the same thing. The sound _is_ the energy body, is vibration. The vibration is the sound. The energy body _is_ sound, has become sound, has become vibration. ^19-2

**(2.4)** Okay, fourth part of the exercise: we've got this [[awareness]] of the [[energy body]], as usual, and we've got the awareness of the sound, of course. And, to add to it, similar to the first exercise, a sense of the space around you, and the waves in the pool, the ripples in the pool around you. Now, actually sound _is_, in fact, waves in the air. That's what actually makes sound. Sound is waves in air. What is it to have the energy body awareness, to have the awareness of the sound, to be really in that, and open to that, and sensitive to that, and then also open the awareness to the sense of the space around, the sense of the medium, if you like? And imagine, feel, hear that medium resonating with the sound, filled with the sound. That sound, that energy that _you_ are sounding, that's coming through you, is filling the space, is reaching the walls. Can you get a kinaesthetic, felt sense, a kinaesthetic [[imaginal]]/imaginative sense, hearing it and feeling it as reaching the walls, the ceiling, the floor, etc., filling the space? ^19-3